Is this a show of affection?
Ah, no.
I pricked my foot on broken glass.
Your style is quite unique, isn't it?
Put me down, okay?
Are you stupid?
Just let it go if you say so. Didn't you say you wanted to let it go?
So anyway.
How's the investigation into the car accident going?
OK
I found out that my brother hit his sister-in-law with his car last month
The mastermind behind causing my wife's infertility
Official Liu Xin
What did you investigate?
Yes, that's right, it's Liu Xi
In addition, I also found out
Bumped you into the hospital outside Peony Bar three years ago
It was him who caused your amnesia
I remember now.
The person who hit me with the car was Liu Xi
Liu Xi, this woman is bad at heart
He didn't want to kill you for a moment
It's been planned for a long time
Mrs.
You must have heard the story of the farmer and the snake
And Lucie, the viper?
It's not worth our trip at all
I am investigating
Car crash last month
Among my wife's car drivers
There are other findings
The car driver
It's a fact that he drank a lot before the accident
But his blood alcohol breakdown enzymes are higher than normal
It has a strong immunity to alcohol
Deliberate murder with a drunken dose
Alcohol immunity is also effective
He won't get drunk no matter how much he drinks
That's why Liu Xi asked him to cause a car accident